today we are going to be making potato
chips
the ingredients you need a potato chip
potatoes salt and can and oil first step
is to scrub the potatoes in the bowl of
water and I advise you to dab your brush
in the water because that makes it a bit
easier now that we've cleaned the
potatoes we need to cut them if your kid
gets a dull to do this if your and I
don't no worries we just have finished
adding one tables add the potatoes to
the table spoon and put at the very
bottom of the bowl and a bowl but this
size if you're using three potatoes
everyone is totally giant now I'm try
and make the potatoes the same thickness
what you're trying to do is making the
same so they cooked the same with your
hands this is cooking do not get worried
to be messy it is fun to get messy we're
gonna sprinkle some sauce and sprinkle
it evenly then mix it up again so the
soul gets evenly put around now you've
had potato chips from the bag might a
wall of potato chips from the bag but I
can guarantee you I think you will like
these better because they are made by
youth we've put the two chips in their
mixture and they look fairly early I'm
gonna go on to laying the potatoes on
try make sure that they are not
overlapping does that be bad
here's our final project called the
potato chips